Windows App preview (#2481)
ollama/ollama: docs/windows.md

# Ollama Windows Preview

Welcome to the Ollama Windows preview.

No more WSL required!

> Ollama now runs as a native Windows application, with full access to your GPU
> (NVIDIA only at this time.)  Ollama does not require Admin privileges.  Ollama
> on Windows consists of a GUI tray app, the CLI client which can be run in `cmd`,
> `powershell` or your favorite terminal app, and the server process.  This server
> binds to `localhost:11434` and exposes the Ollama REST API and can be used by
> other applications to run LLMs.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Ollama now runs as a native Windows application, including NVIDIA GPU support. After installing Ollama Windows Preview, Ollama will run in the background and the `ollama` command line is available in `cmd`, `powershell` or your favorite terminal application. As usual the Ollama [api](./api.md) will be served on `http://localhost:11434`.
```

> As this is a preview release, you should expect a few bugs here and there.   If

Reviewer: ```suggestion
As this is a preview release, you should expect a few bugs here and there.  If

```
